hello so today what we are going to
check out is apparently have drink
transcript I'm gonna unbox it we're
gonna check it out we're to see how easy
it is to use and then you try to get
that cute pattern we got on there huh
alright let's check out the Geremi trail
no have no assembly required so I'm not
really sure how much we need less other
than to have a little bit Jeremy tram
trip it's in a nice carrying bag look at
this cup is nice strap here where you
can just carry it all
we're gonna test this out you'll be
careful over there
we're gonna see if mom comes out
okay that's sort of like chopped open it
which is Hannah night place mattress
underneath bed in pouch oh hey you look
at the directions on the bottle all
right put the mattress underneath which
is kind of cool because that keeps it
safer I would say
I'm not an expert though um but it keeps
all the safer because you don't have to
worry about them pulling it operon
though it looks like this thing is
supposed to go down in there and there's
velcro inside and there's about girly to
belong it to put it on I'm not sure he
like this if you're using it for nap
time I would still consider that a
possible SIDS risk because even though
it fell curved down that's something
that baby can easily pull up I'd like to
see a different option
okay I'm gonna show you it up close
wrist this has a snap time for friends
so there's there's quite a bit of room
in there it's quite a bit of room as you
can see it be careful don't throw them
on top of him there's quite a bit of
room you know you can't play in space
personally PDP's or kit you know use it
as a traveling playpen you know you know
it's it's a fairly decent size of mice
opened up it's definitely bigger than
the box it came in when you open it up
but wherever you take this we got to
make sure you have the floorspace for it
I've been in some hotel rooms that are
pretty floor space is pretty small and
then this probably went to fit taking
like up to Grandma grandpa's be fine
it's got these bars on each side to help
stabilize she's actually not even really
bothering it and shifts a little bit but
not too bad now I have no idea if I can
fold this thing
it's somehow I did it and I don't know
what I do